This is a test.
Uh, slides and
presentation. And I guess
that side and now if I said
boring, so it's time for.
Demonstration, so it
was simple definition.
Yes.
That's good.
Back to slide.
Go back to the slide. Oh, that's
great. That's the slides are now
done. Yeah. Yeah, I'm just
testing something out.
Thanks very much for
coming to my call.
Goodbye.